## youtube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECIRk7inubQ

In this English lesson, I wanted to help you learn the English phrase to be in the way. When you are in the way, I mean someone is trying to go somewhere and you are blocking their path. Sometimes at the grocery store, when I go down an aisle, there will be someone in the way, and I'll have to ask them to move, because I can't get my cart through the aisle. So when you are in the way, if you think someone is going to be in the way, it means they're going to be in your path when you're trying to get somewhere. I'm trying to think of another good example. Sometimes, when I'm trying to get into my classroom, there will be students in the way. They'll be standing in the doorway, and I'll have to ask them to move so that I can get into my classroom. So to be in the way simply means to block someone's path when they're trying to get somewhere. The other phrase I wanted to teach you today is the phrase to get out of the way. I'm offering the solution to the problem from the 1st phase. Um. When you see someone in the way, sometimes it's nice to ask them to get out of the way. Sometimes we even say this directly. We'll say, get out of the way. Um, you might even yell it if your car was rolling along with no one driving it, and there was some one walking, you might yell, get out of the way to them. So that they will be safe, meaning that they need to get out of the way of the vehicle. They need to not be in the path that it is traveling down. So to review, to be in the way means to, um, uh yeah, be in the way. I can't define it by using the phrase, but if I was standing in my driveway and Jen wanted to leave, I would be in the way, and so I would need to get out of the way so that she could leave. But hey, let's look at a comment from a previous video. Let me see which pocket I put it in. Here it is, right here it is from Andrea or Andre. Maybe I'm pronouncing it wrong. Such a comfy place on your farm where you're filming the video. And my response? It was a nice little corner. I might have to find another one. It's going to be really windy all this week. So it's a little windy right now, but not too bad. But I found this little corner because I wanted to show you that, yes, spring is definitely starting. One of the 1st signs of spring for me is when Jen starts to put the little baby plants outside. So you can see it's warm enough here today. You can see quite a few of them that Jen has some of the plants out. So she's decided that it's warm enough today that the plants could be outside for a little bit. Um. So what was I saying? Yes, I picked that comfy corner. I had a nice comfy corner over there the other day. It's not as windy right now, though This morning it was super windy, so I was worried that I wouldn't be able to find a good place to do this. Anyways, what was I going to talk about? Springs is starting. Here's another little look down here. You can see that the daffodils just starting to pop out of the ground. Another sure sign that spring is coming. And I was going to show you all the geese in the river, but they all flew away. But there's definitely a lot of Canadian geese. And there is either white geese or swans. I'm not sure which it is, because I haven't been able to get close. I know they were flying overhead the other day, but I can just sense right now that spring is just around the corner. Actually, it did start yesterday. Yesterday was the 1st day of spring. I guess I should have mentioned that. One of the reasons I'm talking about spring is because yesterday, literally was the 1st I think today is the 1st full day of spring, but spring did start yesterday, yesterday, afternoon for us. Anyways, thanks watching this little English lesson. It should become greener and greener out here as I make these lessons. So hopefully I can share that with you. Have a good day. Bye. 
